2019

The year of religious awakening. Jordan Peterson's The Pyschological Significances of the Bible (https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL22J3VaeABQD_IZs7y60I3lUrrFTzkpat) had an enormous impact on my life. I started reading the Bible shortly thereafter.

I'm not even sure what to write. To be honest, I wanted some sort of vein where I could write freely without wondering eyes. Who knows who's listening. Time to hide, time to find  anything and everything that is the truth!



I'm not quite sure how, to summarize, everything, the year has realized? To be honest, I wanted some sort of vein where I could complain,
without wondering who's listeneing, who's seeing my hollowed soul.

I've long thought every season should reflect a better aspcet of me, nevertheless it seems, I'm picking up the branches, the falling fences I've neglected, and haven't reflected in my hearts.

Godamn this is inbetween, I can't seam my family, it's gone, I'm gone, forgive me.



I'm not sure how to summarize an entire year. I've long thought I should try to write at the end of each season. That's never happened. I do reflect at the end of each year. And aw hell, I didn't even realize it's the end of a decade. I'm not sure that's ever matter. I can't remember ever thinking "wow, it's the end of a decade, holy shit!" Nevertheless, every year I get quite moody. What have I done? Where have I improved? What Good have I done? Year after year it is never enough. I'm left to slump and pray, God make me better this next year. Shouldn't I shoulder some sort of burden? No one knows I'm hurting, it doesn't matter, stand up, oh stand up and gather all that energy at your feet!



I've written elsewhere, on books, in nooks, but never to anyone who would read. Is a computer literate, or intelligent? What's the point to confide in an enternity of minds that never lie?



The angry spouse, the happy mouse, why do they marry?  How can they carry some sort of relationship, some sort of partnership?  These children, blessed beings, subject to anger and hatered, put up on a step above the rest (up on a pedestial), will rule over you. Yes they will, with utter confusion and disolution you succumb to the rule for you are not their mother, you are not their father. It's your brother, your sister, your sibling, no being you can affec. Or is it your neglect, your evil dead, that has spread the seed? Hell, with is, the hatred my friend is in your head.

El Fin de 2019
What a title! So profound, now I'll conduct the rest of this in English.

I'm watching the "Rocking New Year's Eve Fest" on ABC. So far Green Day has performed, followed by Alainesette Morisette (sp.). Thus proving my theory that style/fad runs in 30 year cycles (2020 - 1990 = 30).


